

How to open and start the program:
1.Open up the Cloud9 workspace
2.Hit run at the top of the menu on your Cloud9 workspace. 
3.Hit Preview then Preview running application or go to the url (https://apprenticesses-flynboy.c9users.io/)

How to login
1.Once you reach the landing page, click Login/Register
2.You cannot create an account, because you would need an email ending in “blountk12.org”. We have created an account for you at CodeTn to use. Sign in as megan.brewer@students.blountk12.org with the password codetn
3.If you need to use a second account (perhaps to see how the todolist only shows items for one person), then we have a second account for you:  athena.guinn832@students.blountk12.org with the password codetn2

Features: 
1.Blog
    a.For students to ask questions and and respond to others questions.
2.To-do list
    a.For students to put tasks that need to be done and make them off as they finish them
3.Calendar 
    a.For students to reference dates. They can also go to the school calendar from here.
4.Home Page	
    a.Where students can find school news and other information.

Languages used:
1.PHP
    a.Backend.
2.CSS
    a.Used for styling and some positioning
3.HTML
    a.It is what the css modifies
4.MySQL
    a.Used in database.
5.JavaScript
    a.Used on various  pages.
6. Bootstrap
    a.Used mainly for positioning. 

Our project is about peers communicating through a forum only program specifically about for their high school classes.
The idea is that students are ‘translating’ the concepts a teacher is teaching into a more student-friendly ‘language’
for their peers.
Our program, “Hooked,” is designed to allow these students to translate the language and answer questions from their
peers, not just from that specific block, but for any student taking that class with that teacher. We believe that if
students start to understand the ‘language’ of their teachers, they will begin to do better in that class and even help
other students.

The main purpose of this application is for students to communicate with other students that have the same teacher and 
class. In order to get to the posts, go to courses, which is the first tab on the navigation bar. Once you get there
choose a department, choose a class, then you are taken to the blog where you can then write a post or question.
People can see these posts and comment on them. We also have a reference calendar, a todolist, school news, and 
Privacy Policy pages on our site.

Contact Us: 
Here are a couple emails to contact some of our team--
Sarah- sj.miller.tn@gmail.com
Katrina- trina_kassib@yahoo.com

